where I'm headed with this piece is I'm
going to with this black background I am
going to do a spiral on it so that it
looks like a galaxy in space but I want
to be careful how I build up my layers
so what I'm going to do is now that I've
got the black roughly where I want it
I am going to take some medium and do
the base layer of what I think will be
my spiral then I will fuse that what
that will do is as I build layers on top
of it infuse it will help protect this
bottom layer from getting mixed in with
all of it so think of the medium layer
as a bit of a protective layer so right
now I am just outlining where I think I
want to go and it's going to be a big
spiral and then I'm going to fill in
with the medium when it first cools it
has kind of a whitish but that's going
to be covered and as I continue to fuse
on top
this also as a way of marking out my
area for future layers and you'll see
that I'm I'm dropping little bits of hot
wax everywhere I get so intent on what
I'm doing is just happens
it can also be you'll notice I'm wearing
long sleeves it can also be a good idea
to wear long sleeves because you're
working with so many different hot
things you can burn yourself easily so
do keep that in mind and when it comes
to fusing this I'm going to fuse very
carefully when you read about it you'll
say fuse gently I was saying earlier
that you can I have some medium on this
palette so I'm just picking up the extra
drop just right there I was saying
earlier that you can fuse using heat you
can also fuse just setting it out in the
Sun in a hot Sun you'd be surprised how
effective that can be
or even putting it under some hot bulbs
it takes longer but it works
and I am I had it on a lower speed I am
just heating enough till I see it
looking wet
and I have to keep it moving if you
don't keep it moving you can actually
kind of burn your board not that you
can't recover from that but it just
takes longer than which means I've done
it before so when I beginner things
hmm okay looks like Milky Way there okay
I'm gonna let that cool and then I'll
start my next layer color